TBB CPU device + OpenMP support for CPU device (#1387)
pocl/pocl: doc/sphinx/source/notes_5_1.rst

**************************
Release Notes for PoCL 5.1
**************************

Support for LLVM versions 10 to 13 inclusive has been removed.
LLVM 14 to 17 are supported.

Support for  `cl_khr_spir` (SPIR 1.x/2.0) has been removed.
SPIR-V remains supported.

========================
New device driver: TBB
========================

The TBB device driver uses the Intel oneAPI Threading Building Blocks (oneTBB)
library for work-group and kernel-level task scheduling. Except for the
scheduling, the driver is identical to the original CPU driver (pthread).

===========================
Driver-specific features
===========================

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
CPU driver
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The CPU driver gained support for OpenMP scheduling. Support is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'cpu' driver gained support for using OpenMP for thread scheduling. The support is
```

disabled by default, but can be enabled with CMake option. The

> cpu-minimal driver does not support OpenMP and remains single-threaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cpu-minimal driver does not support OpenMP and remains single-threaded, serving its purpose as a as simple as possible PoCL driver implemetnation.
```

Author: IMO i feel this does not belong here - the release notes are for describing differences between releases, not explaining  existing concepts in detail. I've instead renamed `tbb.rst` to `cpu.rst`, and added a section into `cpu.rst` to describe also 'cpu' and 'cpu-minimal'.

> Release Notes for PoCL 5.1

Reviewer: We should now bump the major version to 6.0 thanks to the new driver.

**************************

> Support for LLVM versions 10 to 13 inclusive has been removed.

Reviewer: Was it already? Did I miss the commit?

Author: it's in the other PR (#1385)
